## What type of developer do you want to be

I want to be a developer that can communicate well, that seems knowledgable and is dependable. We're in a career that requires a lot of teamwork, with all the barriers that come with are associated with our physical barriers. It's hard to work with someone who isn't physically next to you. You can't read their body language to help you figure out what they're thinking or sense their emotional state. It's hard to communicate over a screen. So, that's why I want to become a developer who can communicate well. I also would like to be a knowledgeable developer. I don't want to be in a situation where anyone questions what I know, or that it seems like I just skid by to get to where I am. It's something that is interesting to me, so, I like to gain more knowledge on it. It is also important to me that I become a dependable developer. That applies to coworker relations and being able to preform and deliver when working on projects.
I want to be a developer who is empathetic. This would entail keeping in mind that you need to develop for the sake of your audience, your peers and those that come after you. You should develop something while keeping in mind your audience. Who are you coding for? How are they going to use it? What would be easiest, most appealing or beneficial to them? You should be coding with your peers in mind. Write something they can understand and contribute your part to the team. You should write code that is efficient and with clear intent because think about how you would feel if you came into someone else's code not knowing what they even did. Empathy works as an emotional gauge, but also will help you become a better developer because you're doing it with a purpose and a reason.
