### Mod 2 Week 4: Outreach & Networking I <a name="week-4"></a>
Mind Maps:
* 1. **Engagement.** What did you reflect on last week in regards to when you're engaged in your work at Turing? Pull out an idea that resonates with you most (e.g., "Talking through a problem with a partner," "The moment when I solve a problem that I previously didn't know how to do," "Setting up a successful project management process for my team") and break that idea down into parts and make a list (what are all the steps that go into that moment? When do you get to use your strengths? What is fun about this?). Working on the code along together with someone who didn't know the same language was. THe first thing we had to do was establish an idea about what we were going to do that was abstract enough that made sense to everyone without actually writing any code.Then starting to write the code, but explaining it along the way to make sure that the syntax was understood by everyone.
* 2. **Energy.** What did you reflect on last week in regards to when you feel most energized in your work at Turing? Pull out an idea that resonates with you most and break that idea down into parts and make a list (what are all the steps that go into that moment? When do you get to use your strengths? What is fun about this?). The code along felt the most energizing to me because we were doing something that was out of routine that really got my brain going and that was really nice. Just changing it up and getting my brain to think was very nice. Being able to eplain what I knew was very exciting just because it I keep thinking that I don't know anything, but I actually do. Finally realizing that ruby i s actually one of my strengths was nice.
* 3. **Flow.** When have you had an experience recently in which you were in a state of flow? You can also think about this as "joy" or "play." Pull out an idea that resonates with you most and break that idea down into parts and make a list (what are all the steps that go into that moment? When do you get to use your strengths? What is fun about this?).Actually picking up in what we're doing in mod 2 has felt like a state of flow that I have had. I think I am able to write basic web apps and have a nice routine to do everything. I am able to guess what errors are about to come up and know ahead of time how to fix it which feels really nice.

Prototype your mind maps: what do these mind maps tell you about what's important to you as a software developer? What questions do they bring up about what you still want to learn about this career? I want to be challenged, I want to be able to get into a nice flow, I want to do something that is repetitive all the time.

Prototype your outreach: (Be prepared to share this in your small group discussion)
* Who comes to mind as a person you can reach out to? Why that person? What questions would you ask them? Come up with 2-3 people here to serve as prototypes. 1) my sister - because I find her knowledgable, has life experience, and always gives advice that she truly thinks will benefit me. 2) Others in my cohort becuase we have built this bond. 3) Turing staff about vaiour questions
* How would this outreach help you further your job search strategy? Outreach will help give me more ideas about the field and allow me to get my name out there.

Outreach & Networking Plan: Based on your reflections above, create a concrete plan for your outreach:
* Who is the right person for you to reach out to? My mentor
* How will you find them? How do you know they’re the right person? I think that he is the best first step. He's here for me and he's here to give me advice on how I should go about all of this. He's also looking ofr a new job right now, so, it would be nice to hear what he did and didn't like about his previous role and what he's looking for now.
* How will you reach out? I messaged him on slack to have a chat on Friday.
* What questions do you need to ask them? I want to hear about his current job, what he liked and didn't like and why he's looking for another one. And what he's looking for.
* How will you use this information to further your solution? It will help give me ideas about what I might like or dislike.
* How will you follow up? We ended up scheduling a longer block of time to talk about the matter.

Execute your plan:
* Reach out to your contact THIS WEEK. If possible, reach out to more than one person OR find a meetup to attend also. What happened? What other next steps should you take? If this is a person connected to a company you're interested in, be sure to add it to your Huntr card.
