### Mod 1 Week 1: Understanding your strengths

1. Describe one of your strengths
* What is something you have learned to do well (list a skill)?
  I believe that one of my strengths is being able to adapt to whatever situation I am given. It may have started as a stress coping mechanism, but, I find it a strength now. I can take on whatever role a team needs. If it's lacking direction, I am confident I can step into that role. If I need to be the support at the bottom that keeps everyone in a pack, I also think I have the personality to be able to do that.
* What is something you know about (list some knowledge/expertise you have)?
  I have a lot of expertise in being very patient. Because I have worked with the geriatric population for a while now, I've learned how to be very patient. I've gotten very good at not letting other's emotions affect mine. I've gotten very good at allowing people to do things a different way from me and not let that bother me. And I've gotten really good at breaking things down and being patient when I'm trying to teach someone something that they don't understand.
* What is something you have a natural ability to do well (list a talent)?
  I think I am very good at sensing when someone isn't 100% or spotting when they feel like they're lagging, but feel uncomfortable talking about it when they are in a big group. I like to observe people individually and make sure that they feel like they are noticed and that they know that no matter what, they at least have me to lean on.
* How do those combine to create a specific strength?
  I think these all go well into being a good leader. Like how the alpha wolf runs at the back of its pack so that it can keep an eye on everything and help the wolves who are falling behind to keep up. I feel like I can take on any roll needed, be able to determine other's strngths and allow them to optimize their roles, and be patient and willing to help those who fall behind.

2. Read through your Top 4 results from Pairin
* In your own words, what do these top 4 qualities tell you about yourself?
Imaginative-inspirational: I like to bring new ideas or thoughts into being based on the things I've experienced or observed.
Ace-achiever: If I'm going to do something, I'm going to be the best at it. I am very competitive.
Self-confident: I like to think that I am very confident in myself. I like to be very self aware and that entails knowing where I can excel in and where I'm lacking. And by knowing your weaknesses, I think makes you an even more confident person, because then you're not taken by surprise and questioning yourself when those flaws come up.
Lover of transendence: This virtue tells me that I look at the things that are above and beyond what I know and what I am capable of. This virtue states that you make the time to listen, seek and discover new revelations about themselves and others which is something I agree with.
* Do they resonate with you? Why/why not?
  All of these traits resonate with me. I can think of multiple occasions where I have displayed these traits. I didn't really think I would be a lover of transcendence, but I do like to observe people and try to understand and justify why they way they might do the things they do, good or bad. So, I think that that applies to me.
  I think all of these traits do resonate with me.
* How do they relate to the strength you wrote about in Prompt #1?
  I think these traits say that I enjoy bringing ideas to life, that I will work hard to be the best at something, that I am confident in myself, and that I will also pay attention to myself and others to understand the complexity that defines who we are. Because I am competitive and I want to be the best, I am willing to learn more about my peers and what they are all about in order to lift the people around me, too.

3. Challenges with strengths
* What can make it challenging to recognize your strengths? How can you work through those challenges?
  Everyone is their own worse critic. It's easy to compare yourself to others and see where you think they are better than you. And there always is going to be someone that comes along that is better than you. But, you shouldn't ever let that cloud what you think are your own strong attributes. And it's always hard to recognize what your strngths are becuase there is always room for improvement. Just because you're not 100% good at that one skill, doesn't mean it's not a strong skill that you have.
* Do you ever see yourself overusing certain strengths? In what circumstances would you want to use them less and amplify other strengths? How could you adjust your approach in those instances?
  I do find that there are times when I overuse my strengths when I feel threatened or unsure. In those situations, I think I want to be able to put my best foot forward or show the best side of me because I feel uncomfortable. So, it's like I'm over compensating because I'm scared people will see my weaknesses.
  I think in circumstances where you can tell that someone is trying to work on a specific skill and you already know that you're comfortable with that skill is when you would want to use your strengths less. In those situations, you can even try working on skills that you are lacking in.
  For me at least, when someone does something really well and they keep drawing attention to their strengths, it makes me feel like I shouldn't try to compete with them for the title of being the best at it. Like let's say someone thinks they're really good at public speaking so they always volunteer to present projects. I'm going to not want to fight them for that position even though I would like to work on that skill because what if my trying my best at presenting still isn't as good as theirs. So, if I was on the flip side, I would try to not rely on my strengths as much and try to attempt different roles so that I can develop other skills. Just being aware that you should be more diverse in your strengths.
* Write 1-2 sentences describing how you like to work (i.e., Do you pre-plan? Do you talk through your ideas first? Do you work better with deadlines? How do you stay organized?)
  I like to know where i'm going with the work that I do. I don't really need deadlines, because if you leave it up to me, I will wait until the last second and complete it because it's not due until a later date. It's weird becuase without a deadline, I will feel more self motivated and inclined to get things done ahead of schedule. As for actually working on something, I need to know just what the end goal is. And from there, I kind of devise this trial and error approach where I'll try something and if it doesn't work we jump on the next path until we get to the end. The type of organization for my is just setting
* How could you talk about these working preferences with your project teammates? Your mentor? Your instructors?
  It's always best to set what your expectations are as soon as you start working with a team. This way any grey area on what you can or cannot do will ust be eliminated so that you can work better as a team. However, working on a team always entails compromise. So just becuase I don't like deadlines, other people my need small checkpoint in order to preform and I understand that, so I am willing to abide by that.
* What would you need to be aware of when working with people who have different strengths from you?
  Everyone is different. Some people will be better at different things than you. It's best not to get focused on where they are lacking in comparison to you, but be able to notice what strengths they outshine you in. Knowing all your strengths as a group is good becuase different people can contribute different strengths and lift the group as a whole.
* How could your Pairin results help you better understand your everyday working preferences?
    Based on the test, I think my competitiveness may be an issue. Whether it's solo or with other people, I want to do well in it. I also like to think abstractly and out of the box, which could be hard for people to follow. I like to see the big picture...but also try to figure out how to make the picture bigger. But, I'm also good with being given and idea and running with it and making it come to life, which will be helpful when working in a group.

5. Continued growth
* Is there any particular strength you'd like to sharpen while you're at Turing? Any area you consider a weakness that you'd like to strengthen?
  I don't feel comfortable with large group interactions. When it is one on one, or when it is with several people, I think I am able to engage and participate. Whereas when it's engaging when there are 36 people involved, I feel more timid and less willing to participate. And that is something I would like to get better at. I would like to feel less intimidated and better rehearsed on what to do in those situations.
* What are some steps you could take here?
  Probably by volunteering more during class, or asking more questions to the whole class. Just start off slow by engaging more in the chat and then on the zoom calls and then slowly upping the engagement could be a way to get more comfortable.
* How could you be aware of progress you're making?
  I will be aware of the progress made when I feel less stressed being put on the spot or when I feel more comfortable asking questions. Maybe by taking just a little time every week and reflect on what I did that week and how I felt and if I myself think I made any progress would help me become more aware of my progress.
