### Mod 1 Week 5: Creating a Vision, Part II <a name="week-5"></a>
1. Habits Reflection:
* How have you seen yourself become more aware of your habits? Have you tried implementing anything new? What have the results been? I have noticed that I am definitely more aware of my habits. My posture has been getting a lot better. I have been trying to keep my posture up, so that when I am coding all day long that it doesn't hurt. I notice that I am not sitting up straight even when it is not at my desk. So, that's nice.

2. Design Thinking Reflection: [Cultivating Beginner's Mind](https://mindfulambition.net/beginners-mind/)

* How can beginner's mind be helpful when it comes to thinking about your career and job search? What are some habits you could put into place to cultivate beginner's mind regularly?
It's helpful to have a beginner's mindset when you start something because you won't have preconcieved notions about the thing you're going into. You won't have reservations or you won't be picky about it allowing you to be openminded and more willing to try something different or new. That's nice when you're looking for a job because then your options are limitless and you're more willing to try something you haven't done before.

Optional additional reading: [How to Cultivate Beginner's Mind to Become a True Expert](https://medium.com/better-humans/how-to-cultivate-beginners-mind-to-become-a-true-expert-b2e82953318d)

3. Go through the [Flower Exercise brainstorming worksheets linked here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pLe95AA3y8rxnU-MDnyAVeoqWCxE9__KMDhmPgcd_7c/edit?usp=sharing). Then complete your [Flower Exercise final worksheet here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ETSoRT-BxMH-cTWzbk1inRESmYHGnpbz0DgBHgmAJ-4/edit?usp=sharing) and link that finished worksheet here. [Link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uEEpZlz7PssMUgS9ggAX60K1ayp6668oYOWzD1LwbOA/edit)

4. Write out your top 5 strengths that you've seen in action this module; then write out the strengths of a software developer. Where do you see these lists overlapping? Where are they different? Empathy, leadership, adaptability, technical skills, time management. Those were the 5 strengths that I felt I demonstrated that were strengths I had before and are relevant to software development. Empathy in the sense of being able to compete with the top of the pack, and being able to slow down and get on the same level as someone who doesn't understand. I was able to take lead in my group projects when we were lacking direction. I was adaptable in my second group in giving up the leadership role and taking on the role of making sure no one in the group was feeling lost or falling behind. I think I demonstrated a lot of technical skills throughout all of the assessments we have done. I effectively managed my time throughout this first mod. I was able to complete all of the projects ahead of time and wasn't too stressed about feeling like I didn't have enough time.

5. Write a refined vision statement here (what new things have you discovered this week to incorporate into your vision statement?): My mission in life is to be able to do something that feels fullfilling. I want to be able to feel inspired, passionate and forever curious every day of my life. Whether that is fullfilled by a career or a hobby doesn't matter to me. I want my mind as well as my body to feel happy. I want to feel comfortable and proud of the skin that I wear. I want to be able to create something that the world can use. I want to be able to challenge any notion that a woman of color can't be competitive in a field that predominantly filled with white males. I would like to one day be apart of creating a game or a mod that someone can use for a game. I want to be able to bring some good into the world.